git version 2.34.1
user.name=Erin user.email=ed878321@ohio.edu user.mail=ed878321@ohio.edu core.repositoryformatversion=0 core.filemode=false core.bare=false core.logallrefupdates=true core.ignorecase=true remote.origin.url=https://github.com/erindema/git-lab.git remote.origin.fetch=+refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/origin/* branch.main.remote=origin branch.main.merge=refs/heads/main
GIT-ADD(1)                                                     Git Manual                                                    GIT-ADD(1) NAME       git-add - Add file contents to the indexSYNOPSIS       git add [--verbose | -v] [--dry-run | -n] [--force | -f] [--interactive | -i] [--patch | -p]                 [--edit | -e] [--[no-]all | --[no-]ignore-removal | [--update | -u]] [--sparse]                 [--intent-to-add | -N] [--refresh] [--ignore-errors] [--ignore-missing] [--renormalize]                 [--chmod=(+|-)x] [--pathspec-from-file=<file> [--pathspec-file-nul]]                 [--] [<pathspec>...] DESCRIPTION       This command updates the index using the current content found in the working tree, to prepare the content staged for the next             commit. It typically adds the current content of existing paths as a whole, but with some options it can also be used to add               content with only part of the changes made to the working tree files applied, or remove paths that do not exist in the working             tree anymore.       The "index" holds a snapshot of the content of the working tree, and it is this snapshot that is taken as the contents of the              next commit. Thus after making any changes to the working tree, and before running the commit command, you must use the add       command to add any new or modified files to the index.       This command can be performed multiple times before a commit. It only adds the content of the specified file(s) at the time the            add command is run; if you want subsequent changes included in the next commit, then you must run git addagain to add the new      Manual page git-add(1) line 1 (press h for help or q to quit)
On branch master. No commits yet. Untracked files:  (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)         README.md        answers.md. nothing added to commit but untracked files present (use "git add" to track)
On branch master. No commits yet. Changes to be committed:  (use "git rm --cached <file>..." to unstage)        new file:   README.md. Untracked files:  (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)        answers.md
On branch master. No commits yet. Changes to be committed:  (use "git rm --cached <file>..." to unstage)        new file:   README.md        new file:   answers.md
[master (root-commit) 5fd70f0] Initial commit 2 files changed, 3 insertions(+) create mode 100644 README.md create mode 100644 answers.md
commit 5fd70f094f30ca5ed49e645e7950f03c1fd96eab (HEAD -> master) Author: Erin <ed878321@ohio.edu> Date:   Fri May 17 18:22:03 2024 +0100
On branch main Your branch is up to date with 'origin/main'. nothing to commit, working tree clean
no changes shown in local copy
! [rejected]        main -> main (fetch first) error: failed to push some refs to 'https://github.com/erindema/git-lab.git'
changes made online are reflected in local copy
.  ..  .git  .gitignore  README.md
